Add prelim KiloClaw docs (#5881)
Kilo-Org/kilocode: apps/kilocode-docs/pages/automate/kiloclaw.md

For more information on use cases for OpenClaw, see:

- [OpenClaw Showcase](https://docs.openclaw.ai/start/showcase)
- [100 hours of OpenClaw in 35 Minutes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kZCoW-Qxnc)
- [Clawhub](https://clawhub.ai/): search for skills

## Pricing

KiloClaw uses your existing Kilo Gateway credits—there's no separate billing or subscription:

- **Instance hosting** — Free for 7 days during beta
- **Model inference** — Charged against your Gateway credit balance
- **Free models** — Several models (MiniMax M2.5, Z.ai GLM 5, Giga Potato, Arcee AI Trinity) cost nothing to use

See [Gateway Usage and Billing](/docs/gateway/usage-and-billing) for credit pricing details.

## Limitations

KiloClaw is currently in **beta**. Current constraints include:

- **One instance per account** — Each user can run a single KiloClaw instance
- **Model availability** — Some models may have rate limits during high demand
- **Session persistence** — Chat history may be cleared during beta updates
- **Feature parity** — Not all OpenClaw features are available in the hosted version yet

{% callout type="info" %}

> Have feedback or running into issues? Join the [Kilo Discord](https://discord.gg/kilocode) and share it in the KiloClaw channel.

Author: ```suggestion
Have feedback or running into issues? Join the [Kilo Discord](https://kilo.ai/discord) and share it in the KiloClaw channel.
```
